welcome back ko we are about to see the
Trinidad and Tobago replay - the guy in
a total of 98 we've got some highlights
coming up here from the guy and the
innings Josh Pacino were some great
highlights Danny look at that for a
catch that was Alfred he was incredible
and he did it again from the side on
that was a great piece of building he
threw the subs down and he also took a
couple of great catches in the outfield
what a great performance that was from
him it's tremendous performance a
one-man team there's no question that he
was half to Trinidad team out there and
the - Trinidad opening batsman have made
their way to the crease and I'll tell
you what guess who one of them is how
pretty and how good was this run out and
I tell you what Danny this was the
biggest moment this one here watch this
folks the ball went a mile up in the air
it was Alfred's down on the boundary he
launched himself up quartered threw it
back and then a great diving catch all
to no avail because that was called six
Danny yes because he it stepped out with
the ball in his possession his foot was
grounded with the ball still in his
possession so we see catch here running
in for the first of all bonuses done the
Guyana team to put pressure on the
turned team here can you get a week like
Buller
this one's plate down the crannis should
be caught and he's a beautiful carries
will truly absolutely amaze truck goanna
with the first breakthrough and what a
big moment that is in his final Danny
well I'll tell you that young Steven
latch I believe the one that latched on
to that one we've been latching he's
been latching him a lot here but he's
latched on to that catch it was a nice
catch he had to run a fair way to his
right he stuck out the mitts and it's
stuck
and all of a sudden Trinidad on the back
foot Aaron oh what a good shot that is
over cover that'll be a boundary aerial
route but it goes for four beautiful
timing infield and again once again and
this one will go all the way what a shot
that was yes beautiful shot
that's super batting he just picked it
up off his legs in there dispatched it
over midwicket yes they can't afford any
missed fields that ones up in the air
this one could be out well this time you
go he is not walking a stable so that is
a big wicket Danny it's a big wicket and
justice is done in the end couple of
runs later maybe but justice is done
yeah that wasn't straight up off the
glove and great to see the batter
walking on that occasion
this one's well played over fine League
that one will run away and it's a
boundary that's a nice piece of adding
does he play here in Toronto I believe
he does all of these flares do oh and he
couldn't get that one away oh honey
we've got a bit of controversy here he's
been giving out Alfred's walked out of
his crease the player took the bales off
now the question is around whether oval
was called by the umpire the batsman
can't believe it so this here let's see
let's see
he's quite a cut shot he's in his crease
keeper doesn't take the balls off and
then
the batsman decides he's gonna walk and
then the keeper takes the bales off no I
personally think the ball was dead I
believe it was dead ball now the balls
dead and he's about to throw the ball
back to the bowler the balls dead
no that's pretty much that's not okay
that's not oh I'm not a fan Danny I
don't think that out this one down the
ground it could be out oh and it's six I
thought the man down there was no caddy
answered it but he hit it clean an easy
single there oh and in fact the keeper
had a show and he might have had his man
let's take a look from side very
competitive you released quickly yeah it
was bang on target oh and he would have
had he won he would have been gone it
was literally centimeters from hitting
the stumps - so we see another six from
Arthur I don't think we will see another
six from Arthur I think he's gonna do it
in ones and twos I believe you might be
right and I'd be willing to bet a bottle
of white here is a six I did not to say
that Danny I did not just say that I was
half my saying I bet a bottle of white
one from South Australia and he's gone
whack the white wine a was somebody
that's making out like a bandit today at
some point I told you you could hit them
big when he wanted to and he saves it
for the latter part of his inning
well he only needs one more six double
or nothing really hit a six this ball I
say yes six they'll give it a shot I
want a six on this ball Danny here's
double or nothing
he'll give it a shot can be run out and
stumped and a white absolutely so he was
out of his grease so he's out yeah
this one's tossed up will she hit it she
does and gets a single oh and it's right
kiddies an enema coming upstairs oh yeah
daddy safe I think he's safer he's home
not here